fix(docs): add intel gpu guide & small nvidia fixes (#33001)
truecharts/charts: website/src/content/docs/guides/gpu/intel.md

---
title: Intel-GPU
---

:::caution[Charts]

Adding a GPU to your Cluster isn't covered by the Support Policy.
Feel free to open a thread in the appropiate Channel in our Discord server.

:::

## Prerequisites

> - Having your GPU isolated
> - Passed the GPU to your Talos Machine

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Having your GPU isolated when using a VM
- Passed the GPU to your Talos Machine when using a VM
```

> ## Extensions
> 
> :::caution[Charts]
> 
> This guide assumes you are using Clustertool for your talos cluster. The steps may differ otherwise.
> 
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Extensions for Talhelper/Clustertool

:::caution[Charts]

This Section assumes you are using Clustertool or Talhelper for your talos cluster. The steps may differ otherwise.

:::

```
